Delete security group rules that kops do not know about (#10251)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.20-NOTES.md

# Significant changes

> * kOps will reconsile security group rules for groups that kOps owns. If you have manually added rules to these groups, you need to move these to a new securiy group and add this group using `spec.additionalSecurityGroups` on the relevant Instance Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* kOps will reconcile security group rules for groups that kOps owns. If you have manually added rules to these groups, you need to move these to a new security group and add this group using `spec.additionalSecurityGroups` on the relevant Instance Groups.
```
